README.md, before:

# This is temporary **_Logument_** repository

---

## What is **_Logument_**?

- Structure
  - Version []uint64: Logument가 관리하는 버전의 배열
  - Snapshot map[uint64]jsonr.JsonR: 최초 Create 시와 Snapshot 함수에 의해 생성된 Snapshot의 map (version, Snapshot)
  - PatchMap map[uint64]jsonpatch.Patch: Logument 내에서 관리하는 Patch의 map (version, Patches)
  - PatchPool jsonpatch.Patch: Logument에서 관리 예정인 Patches

---

## Interface for **_Logument_**

- **Create(snapshot jsonr.JsonR, patches jsonpatch.Patch)**: make a new Logument (function name in implementation is 'NewLogument')
- **Store(patches jsonpatch.Patch)**: Queue new patches in the PatchPool before they are managed in Logument
- **Apply()**: Move pending patches from PatchPool to PatchMap, and then increase(and append) the version
- **Snapshot(targetVersion)**: Make a snapshot at target version
- Compact
- Slice
- Pack
- History
- Next
- TimeSnapshot
- TimeSlice

---

## Contribute

- **_Logument_** interface: Sunghwan Park
- JSON Patch implementation: Sunwoo Na (Karu)
- Data Synchronize Framework: Sunwoo Na (Karu)

Commit message:

Update Logument interface (Compact, Slice, Pack, TimeSnapshot)

README.md, after:

# This is temporary **_Logument_** repository

---

## What is **_Logument_**?

- Structure
  - Version []uint64: Logument가 관리하는 버전의 배열
  - Snapshot map[uint64]jsonr.JsonR: 최초 Create 시와 Snapshot 함수에 의해 생성된 Snapshot의 map (version, Snapshot)
  - PatchMap map[uint64]jsonpatch.Patch: Logument 내에서 관리하는 Patch의 map (version, Patches)
  - PatchPool jsonpatch.Patch: Logument에서 관리 예정인 Patches

---

## Interface for **_Logument_**

- **Create(snapshot jsonr.JsonR, patches jsonpatch.Patch)**: make a new Logument using an initial snapshot (_Note_: The function name in the implementation is `NewLogument`)
- **Store(patches jsonpatch.Patch)**: Append new patches to the PatchPool; These patches are queued and will be later integrated into the document state via the Apply operation
- **Apply()**: Incorporate all pending patches from the PatchPool into the PatchMap, update(increase) the version, and clear the PatchPool
- **Snapshot(targetVersion uint64)**: Generate a snapshot representing the document state at the specified version by applying the corresponding patches to the nearest previous snapshot
- **Compact(targetPath string)**: For the specified targetPath, remove patches where only the timestamp has changed (i.e., retain only those patches where the Value has actually been modified)
- **Slice(startVersion uint64, endVersion uint64)**: Extract a subset of the Logument document that includes all snapshots and patches between the start and end versions (inclusive).  
- **Pack(targetVersion uint64)**:
- History
- Next
- **TimeSnapshot(targetTimestamp uint64)**: Create a snapshot based on a target timestamp
- TimeSlice

---

## Contribute

- **_Logument_** interface: Sunghwan Park
- JSON Patch implementation: Sunwoo Na (Karu)
- Data Synchronize Framework: Sunwoo Na (Karu)
